Manual Cherry-picking for #538 (#617)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/upgrade/proc-upgrade-rhdh-operator.adoc

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#proc-install-operator_assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-operator[Installing Red Hat Developer Hub on OpenShift Container Platform with the Operator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#proc-install-operator_assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-operator[{installing-on-ocp-book-title} with the Operator].
```
